Hi All,

Please Follow the Requirements Below for the chat project.
The links to the chat_server and to the encryption code are included.
Have a wonderful break and feel free to email me with any questions.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: (DUE WEDNESDSAY APRIL 23, 2014)
link to starter code, link to onetimepad code
Using ChatClientAppB Create an Applet that will have  the following:
1 TextArea to display the group chat(not editable)
2 Buttons for Connection(1 to Connect, 1 to Disconnect)
2 Textfields (1 for users to enter the message, 1 to enter the ID for private message recipient) 
3 Buttons (1 to Send, 1 to Send Private, 1 to Send Encrypted Private)
Be sure the open() method creates a new Thread inside its body to handle incoming input from the server.   syntax:   new Thread(this).start();

Using version 4 of the ChatServer class do the following:
• Modify the handle method:
       a) Determine what type of message is being sent (i.e. private, encrypted&private, public).  
           One way is by sending the message from the applet with "private" at the beginning of the string and checking if the substring matches that value.
       b) Send private messages only to the client specified and noone else. 
       c) Assure that the planned recipient is an existing connected client. Otherwise, display to the sender "user not found" along with the id.

Using the OneTimePad class do the following:
Modify the encrypt method to use your own algorithm.
Modify the decrypt method to use the reverse of that algorithm.
Modify the char array so that letters aren't assigned in order, but instead have a different value.

From the Applet:
When the user clicks Connect - it should connect
When the user clicks Disconnect - it should disconnect using "bye"
When the user clicks Send - it should send to All
When the user clicks Send Private Message - it should send to only the ID specified in the ID field
When the user clicks Send Private Encrypted Message - it should Encrypt the message before sending it to the ID specified. 



Best Regards,
Eva Sofianos
